aplay: add page (#4591)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/aplay.md

# aplay

> > Command-line sound player for ALSA soundcard driver.

Reviewer: We can add the link to the man page
```suggestion
> Command-line sound player for ALSA soundcard driver.
> More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/1/aplay>.
```

> - Play file "foobar". Sampling rate, bit depth, and so forth will be automatically determined for supported soundfile formats:

Reviewer: I'm not sure if the clarification is needed, because is just play a file without tweaks. Also, is determined by the file format or the file metadata?
```suggestion
- Play a specific file (sampling rate, bit depth, etc. will be automatically determined for the file format):
```

> `aplay {{foobar}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aplay {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Play first 10 seconds of soundfile at 2500hz:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Play the first 10 seconds of a specific file at 2500Hz:
```

> `aplay -d 10 -r 2500 foobar`

Reviewer: We prefer the long argument format, is easy to understand what the command is doing.
```suggestion
`aplay --duration={{10}} --rate={{2500}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Play the raw file "foobar" as a 22050-Hz, mono, 8-bit, Mu-Law .au file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Play the raw file as a 22050Hz, mono, 8-bit, Mu-Law `.au` file:
```

> `aplay -c 1 -t raw -r 22050 -f mu_law {{foobar}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aplay --channels={{1}} --file-type {{raw}} --rate={{22050}} --format={{mu_law}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

# aplay

> Command-line sound recorder (arecord) and player (aplay) for ALSA soundcard driver.

- Play file "foobar". Sampling rate, bit depth, and so forth will be automatically determined for supported soundfile formats:

`aplay {{foobar}}`

- Play the raw file "foobar" as a 22050-Hz, mono, 8-bit, Mu-Law .au file:

`aplay -c 1 -t raw -r 22050 -f mu_law {{foobar}}`

- Record foobar.wav as a 10-second, CD-quality wave file, using the PCM "copy":

> `arecord -d 10 -f cd -t wav -D copy {{foobar.wav}}`

Reviewer: Hi @NikonP you should add another page for `arecord` because the user interface is `tldr {{command}}`, so the user should use `tldr aplay` to see the `aplay.md` and `tldr arecord` to see examples for the `arecord` command.
